Now in this section, you will write your first multi-threaded program
using the concurrency support or c plus plus 11.
Also, you will find out just how many hardware threats your system has to offer.
And even though the code to do this as available in your virtual environment,
I would like to encourage you to run it on your native hardware.
If you have several computers and laptop or desktop,
try them all and look at the differences
with regard to the number of hardware thread supported.
For me on my MacBook Pro it's four hardware threads,
on my iMac Pro it's 20.
Further down in this section we will be using the thread function from
the standard library to call a function and
perform some work in parallel to the main thread.
Before we quit the program, however,
we need to wait for a worker thread to finish
his work which is what the command join is going to be used for.
So please go ahead and write your first concurrent program.
See you at the end of this section.